you’re afraid of being alone but you continue to shut people out. i know you’re scared of what might happen if people get to close to you, but you need to understand that pushing people away and building up incredibly high walls causes nothing but harm and loneliness.
#Cancer stubbornness causes them to believe that their way is always better than yours..
IDENTITY POLITICS causes this. It perpetuates a false feeling that everybody is entitled to VICTIM STATUS...except white males. This FRAUD demonstrates that true racism is so rare in America that fake stories have to be made up to keep the lie going 
But truthfully, we also don't watch the NFL to see displays of military equipment, or even domestic violence awareness, or kids' fitness.These happen to be causes you deem worthy of inclusion in the game. The question is whether the players are allowed to have their own voice. Sherrilyn Ifill added,
The Official Good Cause channel for the #NationalLottery. Our players raise a massive £30 million each week for projects and these are their stories.
Özil and Sanchez are lost causes but why is nothing being done about Wilshere and Ramsey's contracts?
.@Camila_Cabello & her family know that every milestone causes for a celebration.
Rather than assuming economic deprivation causes racism, I wonder if the opposite thesis should, at least, be explored.
breaking: local transboy causes tear in the universe, insiders report he was “just fuckin around” 
What causes you the most anxiety about the future? Where do you struggle to believe that God’s plans for you are good?
No you can't blame people for trying to make a better life, but +300k / year migrants for 15 years causes a supply and demand issue.
And we know that God causes everything to work together for the good of those who love God and are called according to his purpose for them. Romans 8:28 NLT
When people start to know your business in your relationship, it  just causes more problems. Keep quiet and keep moving
having anxiety is crazy. causes me to feel overlooked sometimes like no one takes me or it seriously. not just some made up mental shit & you can’t just “stop thinking” on the spot
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records
There is beauty in a servant that sacrifices his desires, even if it causes him great pain, because his love for Allah is dearer to him than the pull of his desires.
Amnesty major on remote causes. The further away from Europe the more fervent they become.
Phagomania is a psychological condition that causes a person to be obsessed with food and or the excessive desire to eat.
don’t stress. god puts certain people and causes things to happen for a reason. just sit back and trust him.
College causes numerous mental breakdowns
Running away from problems only causes more problems
Programs, like people, get old. We can’t prevent ageing, but we can understand its causes, limit its effects and reverse some of the damage. - Mario Fusco
pain causes you to lose your perspective
hi I'm sorry but can the sun like come back. It's dark at 6:00 & it makes me feel like my whole day is over & it causes me stress
Let’s talk about spiritual causes of your physical illnesses. ALL sickness and dis-ease is spiritual.
Will be setting up site or poll with a view to collect 1 million signatures that Brexit causes stress and health issues.
Josh Gordon told GQ he used drugs & booze before games. To be fair, playing for the Browns causes people to do crazy things.
When I learnt about causes of goiter, as then Minister for Minerals, I directed all salt plants in the country to iodize salt. #SUNGG17
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst, and it sparks extraordinary results
Invest your time in worthy causes
Forcing yourself to forget something only causes the brain to think about it even more.
War always causes serious damage to the environment. We must not mistreat our common home, but take care of it for future generations.
Marginalised people talking about how they are oppressed is not what causes the divide between marginalised and privileged groups.
Having someone ask you " are you okay?" actually causes you to tear up even more when you're trying not to cry.
Depression causes people to lie to themselves. Placing them further into denial and less likely to face their issues.
As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust & hostility to evaporate.
Untraceable mass casualty events perpetrated for nefarious causes by peeps using CIA regime change techniques. Same MO, profile & results.
Every single person that comes in your life has a lesson to teach you... wether is causes pain or happiness, learn from it.
I thank God. If I mention the things causing me headache today, you'd laugh at me. LOL. Yet they are stressing me out but they are good problems to have.
Do not delete any Sims from your pre-patch saves. This seems to be causing error 102
Libs are the ones causing the shootings then calling for gun control. That’s like a drug dealer complaining about too many drug overdoses.
Delhi pollution crisis shd help us focus on agri residue. >16MT residue is burnt causing smog. It is wealth wasted-could be wood substitute.
Being called "Baby" has a positive effect on the female brain, causing instant emotional stress relief.My plea to my fellow citizens don't tolerate any politician including me who will come to u with any argument aimed at causing divisions
#Pisces don't like causing a scene!!
Way too many people interested in other people's doings looking for and causing drama and shit like bitch tf u doing live ur life
They're wailing because Trump has found them jobs and that's causing them toxic unhappiness.
This tropical depression causing real depression real fast tho #WalangPasok
They should really worry about all the HATEFUL KILL TRUMP, WHITE PEOPLE AND POLICE tweets from the tolerant Left causing a lot of violence!!
Blushing happens when veins in the face dilate, causing more blood to flow into your cheeks, producing a rosy complexion.
Imagine being a psycho and causing a scene everywhere you go
Banning Diwali celebrations for few days was not enough. SC should ban Hindus from celebrating Diwali everyday and causing pollution in Delhi
I can't wait for this Kaduna primary school teachers issue to be over! Simple change be causing headlines.
Ladies please be careful of these sanitary pads...if you're used to a certain brand stick to it. They have all kinds now that have a negative effect on vaginal hygiene causing infections, etc.
Sylveons ribbonlike feelers give off an aura that weakens hostility in its prey, causing them to let down their guard. Then it attacks.
Tanzania keeps on alienating itself from the EAC. It's like they suffer from inferiority complex, so they keep causing scenes
She’s backtracking a little. Probably afraid of an accidental suicide. The Clintons are famous for causing a lot of those.
Gotta start fresh and remove people that aren’t bettering my life and causing unwanted complications
Was supposed to be a stress relief painting but it just ended up causing me more stress im so :’-) 
Psychologically, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get too close...
Looks like a bunch of snowflakes are causing an avalanche tonight.
If you are sane you will be finding this world to be insane and if you’re insane you’ll be the Liberal causing the confusion.
Corbyn's pathetic, spineless leadership is causing such terrible damage to people including his own MP's, party and supporters. Were he PM..
You would think McCain would b spending what time he has left with his family and making peace instead of causing trouble 4we the people
Last yr, @RailaOdinga was lord of poverty leading poor folks. 2day you cry that TINGA's poor followers causing job losses by boycots. PHEW!
A suspended prison sentence after causing such horrific injuries to an innocent 76 year old. Words fail me #999whatsyouremergency
i think instagram is causing me to be depressed bc every girl i follow is 9x prettier than me.
¼ million US citizen have parents w/TPS. Uncertainty about their future is causing devastating harm. We must #SaveTPS
First, I'm grateful so many are outraged today and understand our nation's gun lobby and lax gun laws are causing gun violence crisis.
Unemployment is causing brain drai
5 months to decide CIC Mr CM @Dev_Fadnavis ? All appeals pending causing tremendous stress to applicants! @CMOMaharashtra
this weather causing seasonal depression plus my normal evryday depression got me fkn doubl slammed as in, i'm fully clothed in the bathtub
Devin Kelly 26 is an Antifa member who vowed to start a civil war by “targeting white conservative churches” and causing anarchy in the US
Lee Rigby's killer in line 4 £25,000 legal aid 2 sue prison officers 4 for causing him distress. Prison officers deserve medal not a writ
God is causing all grace to abound toward you so that you may have an abundance for every good work (see 2Cor 9:8).
Smog is well known for causing irritation in the eye.
#OnThisDay last year we released chemicals in USA causing people to lose all ability to take a freaking joke about their sitting presidents.
Trumper sent me angry email saying Im causing division by talking violence of white supremacists on my @SXMProgress show. Im not stopping!
if you're reading this, I hope you find the strength to get through whatever is causing you so much internal conflict at the moment.
If for nothing else, Donald Trump deserves credit for causing the Clintons and the Bushes to destroy themselves.
Class suspension for tomorrow because we need a break from all the good news we're receiving that caused us to mental breakdown.
Most of your depression is caused by over-thinking.
Over-thinking is one of the top causes of depression.
Israel has been influencing British politics for far too long, they have caused untold damage to the people of Britain.
raise your hand if this year caused you to get a new prescription
Dear Congress, I hope the NRA’s money helps you sleep at night because all the deaths caused by a lack of gun reform should haunt you.
It’s @TurnbullMalcolm 's colleagues who have caused this fiasco but he still finds a way to blame Bill... what a flog.  #auspol
Never talk about somebody when they down caused you gone be begging when they up
Twitter giving 280 characters on anniversary of Demonetization to deflect from 280 deaths caused by Demonetization!!! - Shehla Rashid, CPM 
Broke: Third world migration into Western countries causes terrorism
Woke: Third world migration into Western countries is terrorism in and of itself
Tories are not even trying to govern Britain, they're trying to keep their snouts at the trough and prevent Labour repairing the damage they caused.
Russia has given up communism and returned to orthodox Christianity yet Indian communists are celebrating the failed revolution, while ignoring the genocide it caused
How desperate are the Dems? Simply keeping the governor’s mansion in a blue Obama/Hillary state causes euphoria 😂 #Justsaying #VAGovRace
Due to hazardous conditions and power outages caused by Sunday evening's storms, the TCSD is closed on Wednesday , November 8th. Stay safe Tigers!
Carl Sargeant, proof that a whole family can be destroyed by baseless accusations.  Disgraceful trial by media mentality caused this.
The feelings you left me with will heal. The scar they caused will not
Can’t wait for the amount of chew what’s going to be caused when snapchat best friends come back on
Will be setting up site or poll with a view to collect 1 million signatures that Brexit causes stress and health issues.
Josh Gordon told GQ he used drugs & booze before games. To be fair, playing for the Browns causes people to do crazy things.
YH  ’I have an eczema which caused by allergic reaction on my neck. But I’m okay, don't worry guys.' His neck looked red a little
In refugee camps rains causes overflow of the feces pits causing contamination of drinking water ...
We pay our tax for public services which have been cut to pay off a deficit caused by £100bn a year lost by those who avoid paying tax.
#DeMoDisaster caused Economic slump, Unemployment, Deaths. No impact on Black money, terrorism. Yet Modi calls it successful.
Not using a moisturizer during acne treatment causes excessive dryness and an increase in oil production.
“If they block you, you won” lmao, if someone unfollows you or blocks you, that just means you caused them emetional discomfort
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst, and it sparks extraordinary results
Coffee has been found to reverse liver damage caused by alcohol.
whoever caused snapchat to crash today, your moms a hoe
67% of murders are caused by guns, 90% of murders are caused by men. I'm not anti-men, I just think we need a little men control.
Don’t act like the victim in a situation that you caused!!!
Complaining never caused anyone’s faith to grow.
Never wish pain on others. Even if they caused you pain; wish them well and healing instead. The truth is they need that most.
Forcing yourself to forget something only causes the brain to think about it even more.
War always causes serious damage to the environment. We must not mistreat our common home, but take care of it for future generations.
Marginalised people talking about how they are oppressed is not what causes the divide between marginalised and privileged groups.
it’s really funny how your single ‘sorry’ can make me stay even if you’ve caused me enough pain to give up.
Depression causes people to lie to themselves. Placing them further into denial and less likely to face their issues.
Untraceable mass casualty events perpetrated for nefarious causes by peeps using CIA regime change techniques. Same MO, profile & results
Soon as u discuss restricting rental trucks, cars, knives, machetes, bats, planned parenthood & anything else that has caused many deaths.
Guys I'm in dire need of prayers for my mom. She was rushed to the hospital after a massive stroke caused by a brain anuerism. Please help
The lying press has caused this. Fed these unstable loons hate filled, violent conspiracy theories. Hope CNN is happy.
The 100s of millions in writeoffs given to Dennis O Brien tru Anglo has caused homelessness and suicide  #CorruptionKills the poor.
Saudi jet crashed & caused killed Prince Mansour &his companions ,seems Crown Prince started political cleansing targeting competitors #MBS
Dimples may be cute, but they are an inherited genetic flaw caused by a fibrous band of tissue that connects the skin to an underlying bone.
Hey, @TurnbullMalcolm do you know that people smugglers exist because John Howard invaded Iraq on a false pretence creating the refugee crisis? You guys caused the deaths at sea. No war, no refugees.  #insiders #auspol
Drone footage shows the devastation caused by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico's El Yunque National Rainforest
There were 8,374 people homeless in the week of 18-24 2017 in Ireland. The State caused and let this happen #anotherireland #Right2Change
Immigrants: "Why do you support the same policies in the U.S. that caused you to flee your home country?"
Filthy air and contaminated water are the top 2 causes of pollution-related deaths. 
I'm sorry but Clark is not a dick in MoS. Idgaf what anyone says. He may have caused some damage in Metropolis and Smallville but he....
Appointment of Gavin Williamson as Defense Sec has caused shockwaves in the Tory party - "it has gone down like a cup of cold sick" #r4today
Name a single problem in the world that hasn't been caused by greedy old men.
Mercer’s siege of the GOP may have caused the Feds to take special notice of the billions in unpaid capitol gains taxes at Renaissance.
Support great causes and maybe... Score VIP Tickets to Hamilton in New York City and Go Backstage 
Just walked by two guys cursing each other out because one bumped into the other and caused him to drop his frapuccino. New York is magical
Flight landed late and caused me to miss my last train 😐 stuck in London now 
Train derailment in south-west London causes delays 
On a Virgin train heading back to London.  Announcement just stated 'apologies for the delay & any convenience caused'
Idk but the incident in Riyadh is scarier, given the fact that my work is closer to Yemen which caused the air strike. Uwi na kong pinas
Yemen Ballistic Missile Caused Confusion, Flight Delays at Riyadh. 
The air pollution in and around New Delhi has gotten so serious, the low visibility from it caused an 18-car pileup 
Smog south of New Delhi so bad it caused a major road accident 

